My wife starts today
It has nothing to do with you
I don't want to see you bothering her again
You longjingtian
You rebelled again, didn't you?
Ye Fanxing, you don't want your parents anymore
Do you want to follow this wild man?
Ye Fanxing, can't you leave if you want?
What are you talking about?
Husband, are you confused?
How could you let them go so easily?
Wife parents
Don't worry, I'm not finished yet.
Long Jingtian, you will be gone for five years
These five years
Which one of your wife and daughter's food and clothing expenses does not cost money?
Give us 5 million alimony
Talent can be taken away
What 5 million
Yeah 5 million can't afford to get away as much as you want
Don't disturb my daughter's growth
Mom and Dad
You broke my heart too much.
The food and clothing expenses of my daughter and I over the years
I transferred it all by myself
How dare you ask me for money?
Well, you can't say that
Ye Fanxing, please teach me the money you gave your parents.
Shouldn't it be?
Our house is for the two of you
Don't you want money for water and electricity?
That's right, Ye Fanxing
Don't try to cheat
Don't go too far.
That house was given to me by my grandmother
You also got married with the wind, I gave it to you
How can you be so heartless?